## Future Improvements

An improvement for both agents would be if they could be fluid in their strategies. It's something that staff_team_super is excellent at, and one of the many reasons they've been so dominant in the leaderboards. Being able to analyse a situation and make a decision as to whether the agent should be defending their side of the board, or moving to the opponent's side to grab food is essential to overcoming some of the competition that was ranked highly towards the end of the semester. Fluidity would be more effective than statically deciding whether there should be one defense agent and one offense agent, or even just two offense agents. Also, if both agents can swap between an offensive and defensive strategy, then when an opponent eats a power pellet, both agents could simply make their way to the opponent's side to grab food, mostly negating the benefits the opponents gain from eating a power pellet.

An improvement for the defense agent in particular would be to recognise how beneficial its position is in relation to an opponent it is targeting. There are many examples of the defense agent just giving chase to an opponent, which even if it optimally chooses the right path, is never going to result in catching an opponent if the opponent is also able to outmaneuver it, or if there is a loop in the path that allows the opponent to just move in one direction and kite the defense agent until it makes it back to its territory safely. If the defense agent could see these loops in its future path, it would have the ability to wait at the border to have a better chance of capturing the opponent.

An improvement for the offense agent would be if they could use power pellets as an offensive tool. It was great at being able to protect itself from being captured by using the power pellets, but if it was able to strategically use the pellets so that it could completely ignore any ghosts nearby for the first half of the power pellets effectiveness, then it could delve deep into enemy territory, grab food, and then go on the offensive on the way back by eating ghosts that are near it. This would increase the amount of food that could be returned, and would be a much deadlier use of the power pellets.

## Conclusions and Learning